In this video I'm going
to show you my seven step
process for selling with Facebook ads.
Over the past six months
I've used this exact method
to generate over 13,000
website conversions
for just £0.91 each.
I'm Ben Heath, the Founder
and CEO of Lead Guru,
which is a London-based
digital marketing agency.
And today, you're going to learn the seven
most important keys to success
with Facebook advertising
so that you can sell your
products and services fast.
Keep watching.
I launched my very first
Facebook ad campaign in 2012.
And since I started, Facebook
advertising has changed a lot.
Back then there were a lot few advertisers
and Facebook advertising
was so cheap that you
could just throw up an ad
and watch the sales roll in.
Today the platform is
a lot more competitive,
and that simply won't work.
Does that mean you should give
up on Facebook advertising?
Absolutely not!
Facebook is an amazingly
sophisticated advertising platform.
And with the seven steps that
I'm going to share with you,
in this video, you can use it to
seriously move the needle
and scale your business.
So without further ado,
let's get started with
step one, targeting.
You can create the best
looking ad that's promoting
an outstanding product, but
none of that will matter
if you're advertising
it to the wrong people.
And this is where a
lot of people go wrong.
Because they think that
targeting is simple.
They go into their Facebook ad account and
select interest targetings
that are related
to the products and
services that they sell.
But here's the thing,
just because someone is
interested in something,
doesn't mean they're
ready to buy it from you.
There's a huge difference
between advertising
to people that know you
and people that don't.
Advertising to people that
have visited your website,
engaged with your content,
joined your email list,
or bought from you before,
will always be much
more effective than
advertising to cold audiences.
Of course, you can have success
We do it all the time.
But the real magic with Facebook ads
comes from advertising to warm audiences.
In Facebook, you advertise
to warm audiences
by using custom audiences.
There are many different
types of custom audiences
on Facebook, but my favourite
is Website Custom Audiences.
And if you're looking to sell
your products and services,
these are definitely the people
that you should start targeting.
Then you can move onto
other custom audiences
such as your Email List, Page
Engagement Custom Audiences,
Video View Custom Audiences,
and of course, Page Likes.
For most companies, these
custom audiences are going
to be quite small.
So it's very important
you consistently create
content and engage with your
target market to add people
to these custom audiences.
And if you still have
some budget left over,
then you should start
targeting cold audiences.
And later on in this video
I'm going to show you exactly
how to advertise to cold audiences.
But now, let's move onto step
two, which is segmentation.
After step one you know
that you should start
by advertising to warm audiences.
Well you can improve
your results even further
by segmenting those warm audiences.
Most businesses offer multiple
products and services.
But when it comes to
advertising to their warm
audiences on Facebook, they get lazy.
They use the same ad for everyone,
which just promotes
one product or service.
But you'll make a lot
more sales by segmenting
and it's really easy to do.
Instead of creating just
one website custom audience
that includes everyone that
has visited your website,
you should create website
custom audiences for people
who have visited specific
pages on your website.
That way, you can create
separate campaigns
for different products
and services and in those
campaigns, only target
people that have visited
the specific pages on your website
about those products and services.
As you can imagine, this
is incredibly effective,
because if someone has
visited a page on your website
about a specific product or service,
they are highly likely
to be interested in it.
Step three, ad type.
So which ad type should you use?
Image ads, video ads, lead ads?
Unfortunately there's no
one size fits all ad type.
It really depends on your objective.
If you want to build
your custom audiences,
you can use an image ad
that promotes a blog post,
or a video ad that promotes a video.
If you're looking to sell
your products and services,
it really depends on what
you're trying to sell.
For a relatively small impulse purchase,
I would probably use an image ad.
But for a high end or
more complex product,
I would probably use a video ad.
The important thing is to experiment,
and I'm going to show you how to do that
really easily later in the video.
Step four, ad creative.
There are two major parts
to your ad creative.
You have copy and imagery.
Both are critical to your
Facebook ad campaign success.
And each serves a separate purpose.
Your copy is the part of your
ad that needs to convince
your audience to take the
action you want them to take.
Whilst your imagery should
grab your audience's attention
and represent your brand.
Let's start with copy.
It's very important that you tell people
what your ad is about in
the first couple of lines.
If your audience needs to
click the see more button
to see what your ad is for,
then you're in trouble.
Don't be afraid to
reiterate an important point
in your ad copy either.
For example, if you're offering a discount
include it multiple times,
and absolutely make sure
people know what the discount is.
Most people just skim ad copy.
So what might seem over the
top, almost certainly isn't.
Also, make sure you
include a call to action.
And tell people exactly
what you want them to do.
Should they click on a
link, leave a comment,
or go through to your
website and purchase?
Then tell them to do that.
It sounds obvious, but
I've seen a lot of ads
without a call to action.
Let's move on to imagery.
Two things that have been shown
to grab people's attention
particularly well are hands and faces.
Particularly if the face
is making eye contact.
And this works very well
if you're advertising
to warm audiences that
would recognise you.
Obviously images that
include hands and faces
won't work for every business.
And honestly, the imagery
that works best for your
business, may be fairly unique to you.
For example, some companies
have a lot of success
using very bright colours.
The important thing is
that you know the purpose
of your ads imagery,
and that is to grab your
audience's attention.
When you know its purpose you
can test different options
and find something that
works really well for you.
And to help you create high converting ads
that will sell your products or services,
I have created a 5-Part
Facebook Ad Template.
You can download this template
for free and it includes
some of the best performing
ads we've created for our
clients in a number of
different industries.
Just head over to
leadguru.co.uk and you can
download it there for free.
Let's move on to step number
five, the Facebook Pixel.
I don't want to be overly dramatic,
but installing the Facebook
Pixel is absolutely essential.
You need to use the
Facebook Pixel to track
the actions that people
take on your website.
Otherwise, you won't be able to determine
how well your Facebook ad
campaigns are performing.
And if you don't know
how they're performing,
then you can't optimise
or make vital adjustments.
Or even know if they are working!
You also need to have the Facebook Pixel
installed on your website to add people
to your website custom audiences.
Which you now know is the most powerful
targeting option you can use in Facebook.
Most website builders
now make it very easy
for you to install the Facebook Pixel
with specific places to put it.
And if you have a WordPress website,
you can use a simple plug-in to install it.
However, if you're not technical
and you can't work it out,
it's worth paying a few bucks
to get someone to install it for you.
You can really easily
find someone to install
it for you on upwork.com and
it won't cost much at all.
And when it comes to the Facebook Pixel,
a pro tip is to use the
free Google Chrome extension
called the Facebook Pixel Helper.
It will show you if the Facebook Pixel is
installed correctly on any page without
having to look at any code.
Let's move onto step number
six, which is experimentation.
It can be done, but it's
very rare to hit a home run
on your first attempt.
When we create Facebook ad
campaigns for our clients,
we create multiple variations
of just about everything.
We test different ad
copy, different images,
and of course, different
targeting options.
It's crucial that you start advertising on
Facebook with this in mind.
I've seen too many people
create a single ad,
advertise it to a single audience,
have it not work very well,
and then declare that Facebook
advertising doesn't work.
That's crazy, and with the right attitude
you can make sure that you don't fall
victim to that mentality.
Fortunately, it's really
easy to experiment
with Facebook ad campaigns.
Because Facebook recently
released a built-in
split testing tool.
At the moment you need a
business manager account
to use the split testing tool.
But it's well worth taking
the time to set that up,
because this built in
split testing is fantastic.
Now, I've saved the most
important step until last,
and that is sales funnels.
In step one, I talked
about how effective it is
to target people that already know you.
Well, the truth is, the more touch points
your target market has with your company,
and the more they get to
know you and your brand,
the easier it is to sell
your products and services.
We've worked with clients
with such a great following,
that selling their products
with Facebook ads is really easy.
So how do you get people to
know your company quickly
and ad them to your custom audiences?
Well you can throw tonnes
of content up online
and just hope people see it,
or you can create a sales
funnel that takes people
from cold prospects all
the way to repeat customers
as fast as possible.
By far the best way to
advertise to cold audiences
on Facebook is to use a sales funnel.
And to help you create a
highly effective online sales funnels,
I've recently created a free mini class
called 4 Steps to a
Perfect Online Sales Funnel.
It's very short and I
walk you step-by-step
through the exact sales funnel creation
process that we use.
You can watch it right now for free
by heading over to benheathmarketing.com
If you like this video,
make sure you subscribe
to my YouTube channel right now.
Just click on the subscribe button.
Also, if you want to
download our 5-Part
Facebook Ad Template,
then just head over to
leadguru.co.uk
It's free.
Now I want to turn it over to you.
Which of the seven steps in this video
are you going to start working on first?
Are you excited to experiment
with new targeting options?
Or maybe you'll use our
Facebook ad template
to improve your Facebook ads?
Either way, let me know by leaving a
quick comment below, right now.